MY INTERNSHIP DIARIES ! 
The topics covered on Day 1 
1. WHAT IS CYBER SECURITY ? 
Cybersecurity is the practice of protecting systems, networks, and programs from digital attacks. These cyber attacks are usually aimed at accessing, changing, or destroying sensitive
information. 
2. HOW IT WORKS IN COMPANY OR ORGANIZATION ? 
Security technologies: Firewalls, antivirus software, malware detection programs, and DNS filtering are used to detect and prevent unauthorized access to systems. Security information
and event management (SIEM) tools: These tools detect threats in real time. 
 Penetration testing: This identifies vulnerabilities in systems. 
 Security policies and training: These install best practices and awareness. 
 Incident response plans: These guide how to react to breaches.
 Network traffic and system logs: These are monitored continuously to identify threats. 
 Patch management: This keeps systems up to date and closes vulnerabilities. 
 Unified threat management systems: These tools can detect, isolate, and remediate threats, and notify users if additional action is needed.
 Disaster recovery plan: This ensures that the organization can quickly recover in the event of a cyberattack. <br>
3. TYPES OF CYBERSECURITY THREATS : 
1. PHISHING : A type of cyberattack where attackers disguise themselves as trustworthy entities in order to trick individuals into providing sensitive information such as passwords and 
credit card details. 
2. RANSOMWARE : A type of malicious software designed to block access to a computer system until a sum of money is paid. 
3. MALWARE : It is a general term for malicious software or code that can damage or disrupt a device's normal use. 
4. SOCIAL ENGINEERING : It is a psychological attack that aims to manipulate people into giving away sensitive information or performing unsafe actions. 
5. MAN-IN-THE-MIDDLE ATTACK : It a cyberattack where a hacker positions themselves between two parties, typically a user and an application, to intercept their communications and steal 
sensitive information. 
6. ZERO-DAY ATTACK : It is a cyberattack that exploits a previously unknown vulnerability in software or hardware to compromise systems or steal data.
4. VAPT :
Vulnerability Assessment & Penetration Testing (VAPT) is a security testing method that helps organizations identify and address cyber security vulnerabilities. 
5. USB RUBBER DUCKY : 
A USB Rubber Ducky is a device that looks like an ordinary USB flash drive, but is actually a small computer that can very quickly execute a pre-programmed series of commands
on a computer. This seemingly harmless device can do all sorts of nasty things, from stealing sensitive info to installing malicious software. 
6. WHAT IS HACKING ? 
Hacking is the process of identifying and exploiting weakness in a system or a network to gain unauthorized access to data and system resources. 
7. WHAT IS AN ETHICAL HACKING ? 
An ethical hacker is a skilled professional who knows how to identify and exploit vulnerabilities. He works with the permission of the owners of systems. 
8. RED TEAM : Red teaming is a cyber security technique that simulates a cyber attack on an organization's systems to test how it would respond. The goal of red teaming is to improve
an organization's cyber security by identifying vulnerabilities and assessing how well its defenses would hold up against a real-world attack. 
9. BLUE TEAM :  A blue team is the group responsible for defending an enterprise's use of information systems by maintaining its security posture against a group of mock attackers.
10. PURPLE TEAM : Purple teaming is a security methodology in which offensive security professionals (referred to as red teams) and Cyber Security Operations Centre (CSOC) professionals
(referred to as blue teams) work closely together in order to enhance cyber capabilities through continuous feedback and knowledge transfer.


