1.WHAT IS VIRTUALIZATION ?
Virtualization is a process that creates a simulated computing environment that uses a computer's hardware resources in a more efficient way.
It allows you to run multiple operating systems and applications on a single computer, instead of using separate servers.
2.VIRTUAL BOX : 
Oracle VM VirtualBox is cross-platform virtualization software. It allows users to extend their existing computer to run multiple
operating systems including Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, and Oracle Solaris, at the same time.
3.HOW TO RUN VIRTUAL BOX IN WINDOWS :
Here's how to run VirtualBox on Windows:
Download the VirtualBox installer from the official website
Run the installer and select the installation directory and components
Tick the checkboxes for shortcut options and file associations
Confirm installation of VirtualBox network interfaces
Click Install to start the installation process
Here are some things to keep in mind when using VirtualBox:
*If you run multiple virtual machines at the same time, they will all consume some of the host machine's CPU, RAM, and disk space.
*It requires 100 gb ssd, 8 gb ram, 8 core processor
4. SSH :
SSH, or Secure Shell, is a network protocol that allows secure communication between computers, and is often used to access remote
Linux servers.
5. RDP REMOTE DESKTOP PROTOCOL :
Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) is a network protocol that lets users remotely control and operate computers. It was developed by
Microsoft and is available for most Windows and Mac operating systems. 
 Here's some more information about RDP: 
 How it works
RDP creates an encrypted connection between two machines, allowing users to transmit keyboard and mouse activity and other information
from one computer to another. The remote computer's desktop appears on the device the user is using to connect to it. 
6. DIFFERENT TYPES OF WINDOWS :
Windows 10 Home. The basic Windows 10 version.
Windows 10 Pro. ...
Windows 10 in S mode. ...
Windows 10 Enterprise (E3 and E5) ...
Windows 10 Enterprise 2015 LTSB. ...
Windows 10 Education. ...
Window 10 Mobile and Mobile Enterprise. ...
Windows 10 IoT Core.
7. Microsoft Active Directory (AD)
A directory service that allows administrators to manage permissions and access to network resources. AD is included as a set of 
processes and services in Windows Server operating systems. It uses Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP), Microsoft's version 
of Kerberos, and DNS. AD stores information about network objects, such as user accounts, shared resources, and network user and computer 
accounts.
8. STATIC AND DYNAMIC IP ADRESSES :
The main difference between static and dynamic IP addresses is that static IP addresses are permanent and unchanging, while dynamic IP
addresses change regularly.
9. NGROK :
Ngrok is a cross-platform application that allows developers to expose their local web servers to the internet. It hosts a local web server
on its own sub-domain and makes your local development box available on the internet through Tunnelling.
10. WHAT IS GLASSWIRE :
GlassWire is a network monitoring and firewall software that helps protect your device, data, privacy, and network.
 It offers a variety of features, including: 
 Data usage monitoring: Keep track of your data usage on your PC or mobile phone 
 Network time machine: See what your PC was doing while you were away
11. HOW TO INSTALL ANY SOFTWARE IN KALI LINUX ?
Open the terminal and type in the command sudo apt-get install followed by the name of the software you want to install.
12. WHAT IS SUDO ?
Sudo is a command in Linux that allows a user to run commands with elevated privileges, or "super user do."
Sudo is a more secure alternative to logging in as the root user, as it provides granular access control and accountability.
13. WHAT IS PORTFORWARDING ?
Port forwarding is a networking technique that allows external devices to access services on a private network. It works by redirecting 
communication requests from one address and port to another as they pass through a network gateway, like a firewall or router.
